>> Bianca Gandolfo: Remember, we're trying
to make recommendations, remember that?
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
So, the reason for all of that, the reason
we created this graph data structure is
because wanted to model our data better
for our recommendation engine, right?
So, we built the data structure, now
we need to do some work with it, right?
So, here is our graph from before,
except with the people in it.
So, before we just showed
the relationship between the foods.
And that's useful if you want to kinda
get these general recommendations.
But I want personalized recommendations,
something that isn't already on my list,
necessarily like I wanna
try something new.
So, if I have myself in the graph,
I can check if I already like that or not.
So this would be a personalized
recommendation, while the other one
without the people would be sort of like
a generalized recommendation in general
people who like bread,
might also like tea kinda thing.
So that's the difference.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
to do that, right, so
if I wanna know what my friends
are eating for breakfast,
I would need to search my graph until I
find a shared preference with a friend.
So me and my friend, we both like tea.
The next thing I wanna do is find
something that she likes that
I don't already like.
So, coffee, I already like that,
so I'm not interested in that.
I'd much rather try something new.
Not true, usually I just drink coffee.
But in this case, eggs, right?
So you understand how this works?
And this isn't like two different from how
recommendation algorithms actually work.
So it's more or less like this,
with like huge amounts of data.
So, all right.
Traversing, that's what we're doing next.
So we traversed the tree earlier.
Now we're gonna traverse a graph.
Yeah?
All right.
So, we have two different
searching algorithms that we
use to explore graphs and also trees.
We have depth first search and
breadth first search, and
they are going to look at every
single note in the tree or graph,
except approach it in
a slightly different way.
And because of that, they're optimize for
different use cases, and you will see.
So, here is our tree, you can imagine that
it has our recommendation stuff in there.
But let's look at numbers.
So, the way that we visit the graph for
depth for
research is gonna be
starting with one node.
Again, if we're in a graph,
this is not necessarily your root node.
You just chose a node, right?
And then you keep exploring down further,
further, further.
And then you come up and go deep.
This is why it's called depth for search
because it's gonna all the way down to
the last child, last unexplored child and
then come back and then go deep again.
While breadth for search,
searches things in layers.
So we start here and then it's gonna
go straight across, straight across,
straight across.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
What do you think breadth first
search would be better for?
>> Speaker 3: You may hit a node earlier
as you are zoning for this part.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so, if you want
to see the shortest path to something,
breath for search is a good algorithm.